https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-10611 update verification compliance history (#6319)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/compliance_history.adoc

curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $(oc whoami --show-token)" \
    "https://$(oc -n open-cluster-management get route governance-history-api -o jsonpath='{.spec.host}')/api/v1/compliance-events"
----

> //Is this info about success and failure important to the user? If we only provide 1 verification step to check if the password is specified correctly, can the user skip this? 

Reviewer: Yes, it's important because an invalid password is just one potential issue.

> //Is this info about success and failure important to the user? If we only provide 1 verification step to check if the password is specified correctly, can the user skip this? 

Author: ```suggestion
```

+
* If successful, the curl command returns a value similar to the following message:
+
----
{"data":[],"metadata":{"page":1,"pages":0,"per_page":20,"total":0}}
----
+

> * If it is not successful, the curl command might return either of the two messages:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If it is not successful, the curl command might return either of these two messages:
```

> * If it is not successful, the curl command might return either of the two messages:

Reviewer 2: Alternate thought here to approach it in a less formal way. For example:

If it is not successful, the curl command might return an error message indicating an unavailable database or an internal error. If this happens, view the Kubernetes events in the `open-cluster-management` namespace with the following command:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management get events --field-selector reason=OCMComplianceEventsDBError
----

Follow the instructions to view the `governance-policy-propagator` logs to determine if it is a password issue.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion Chris. In my opinion this is wordy. The error messages are clear. However, I did change "To address this.." to "If this happens..."

+
----
{"message":"The database is unavailable"}

{"message":"Internal Error"}
----
+
.. To address the connection failure, view the Kubernetes events in the `open-cluster-management` namespace with the following command:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management get events --field-selector reason=OCMComplianceEventsDBError
----
+

> .. Instructions are displayed for you to view the `governance-policy-propagator` logs. Run the following command:

Reviewer: Can we word it similar to this?
```suggestion
.. The event may instruct to view the `governance-policy-propagator` logs. In this case, run the following command:
```

> .. Instructions are displayed for you to view the `governance-policy-propagator` logs. Run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
.. You might receive instructions from the event to view the `governance-policy-propagator` logs. In this case, run the following command:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management logs -l name=governance-policy-propagator -f
----
+

> .. You might see a similar error message, which indicates that the password is not correctly specified:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. You might see a similar error message, which indicates that the user, password, or database is not correctly specified:
```

+
----
2024-03-05T12:17:14.500-0500	info	compliance-events-api	complianceeventsapi/complianceeventsapi_controller.go:261	The database connection failed: pq: password authentication failed for user "rhacm-policy-compliance-history"
----

> //where can the user update the password specification? Do they update the compliance history API YAML? 

Reviewer: The password was specified in the `oc -n open-cluster-management create secret generic governance-policy-database` command from above. I think instructing them to update the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` that was created above if this is the issue is sufficient.

> //where can the user update the password specification? Do they update the compliance history API YAML? 

Author: ```suggestion
+
.. Update the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource with the following command:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management create secret generic governance-policy-database
----
```

{"data":[],"metadata":{"page":1,"pages":0,"per_page":20,"total":0}}
----
+

> * If it is not successful, the curl command might return either of these two messages:

Author: ```suggestion
* If it is not successful, the curl command might return either of the two messages:
```

> +

Reviewer 3: these is self-referential, consider "of the following" -- IBM Style manual mentions not using self-referential that we all should review, I will find it for our standards meeting. @jc-berger @dockerymick

Reviewer 3: If these are two different messages, they need to be broken up.

----
{"message":"The database is unavailable"}

{"message":"Internal Error"}
----
+

> .. If this happens, view the Kubernetes events in the `open-cluster-management` namespace with the following command:

Reviewer 3: If this happens,

After you receive a message, 

If you receive a message, 

again -- referential

> .. To address the connection failure, view the Kubernetes events in the `open-cluster-management` namespace with the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
.. If this happens, view the Kubernetes events in the `open-cluster-management` namespace with the following command:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management get events --field-selector reason=OCMComplianceEventsDBError
----
+

> .. You might receive instructions from the event to view the `governance-policy-propagator` logs. In this case, run the following command:

Reviewer 3: Please remove _In this case_

See guidance for concise writing and wordiness. Again, I will raise this in our meeting and we can look at some examples.

Reviewer: The purpose of "In this  case" is to let the user know they should only run that command if the previous sentence was what they observed since that sentence says "might".

How do we still keep a qualifier without it being wordy?

Reviewer 3: Much of this can just be a simple rewrite to one step; we should always start off a step with the verb anyway. Something like:

Run the following command if you receive instructions from the event to view the `governance-policy-propagator` logs:

or 

If you....., then run....

Reviewer 3: @dockerymick I didn't want to dictate how you would write it but we can almost always be this clear and concise ^^^^^ if you want to try one of those options with @mprahl

+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management logs -l name=governance-policy-propagator -f
----
+

> .. You might see a similar error message, which indicates that the user, password, or database is not correctly specified:

Reviewer 3: It is not clear that I might see a similar message that is coming up in this section.

a message similar to the following message?

Author: Here is the message in the example, "The database connection failed: pq: password authentication failed for user "rhacm-policy-compliance-history""

Reviewer 3: meaning the line, if I were using a screen reader, does not make it clear to me that something "similar" is following.

+
----
2024-03-05T12:17:14.500-0500	info	compliance-events-api	complianceeventsapi/complianceeventsapi_controller.go:261	The database connection failed: pq: password authentication failed for user "rhacm-policy-compliance-history"
----
+
.. Update the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource with the following command:

> +

Reviewer 3: perfect!

[source,bash]
----

> oc -n open-cluster-management create secret generic governance-policy-database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oc -n open-cluster-management edit secret governance-policy-database
```

----

[#set-compliance-history-url ]
== Set the compliance history API URL

> 

Reviewer 3: needs a description...what is this and why do it... you repeat the title in the step -- it may be that the description in the step is what is after the header....we need some sort of description after every header.

{"data":[],"metadata":{"page":1,"pages":0,"per_page":20,"total":0}}
----
+
* If it is not successful, the curl command might return either of the two messages:
+
----
{"message":"The database is unavailable"}
----
+
----
{"message":"Internal Error"}
----
+

> .. If this happens, view the Kubernetes events in the `open-cluster-management` namespace with the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
.. If you receive a message, view the Kubernetes events in the `open-cluster-management` namespace with the following command:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management get events --field-selector reason=OCMComplianceEventsDBError
----
+

> .. You might receive instructions from the event to view the `governance-policy-propagator` logs. In this case, run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
.. If you receive instructions from the event to view the `governance-policy-propagator` logs, run the following command:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management logs -l name=governance-policy-propagator -f
----
+
.. You might see a similar error message, which indicates that the user, password, or database is not correctly specified:
+
----
2024-03-05T12:17:14.500-0500	info	compliance-events-api	complianceeventsapi/complianceeventsapi_controller.go:261	The database connection failed: pq: password authentication failed for user "rhacm-policy-compliance-history"
----
+
.. Update the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource with the following command:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management edit secret governance-policy-database
----

[#set-compliance-history-url ]
== Set the compliance history API URL

> Complete the following steps:

Author: ```suggestion
Set the policy compliance history API URL to enable the feature on managed clusters. Complete the following steps:
```

> . Set the policy compliance history API URL. To enable the feature on managed clusters, retrieve the external URL of the policy compliance history API with the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
. Retrieve the external URL of the policy compliance history API with the following command:
```

{"data":[],"metadata":{"page":1,"pages":0,"per_page":20,"total":0}}
----
+
* If it is not successful, the curl command might return either of the two messages:
+
----
{"message":"The database is unavailable"}
----
+
----
{"message":"Internal Error"}
----
+
.. If you receive a message, view the Kubernetes events in the `open-cluster-management` namespace with the following command:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management get events --field-selector reason=OCMComplianceEventsDBError
----
+
.. If you receive instructions from the event to view the `governance-policy-propagator` logs, run the following command:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management logs -l name=governance-policy-propagator -f
----
+

> .. You might see a similar error message, which indicates that the user, password, or database is not correctly specified:

Author: ```suggestion
.. You might receive an error message that indicates the user, password, or database is incorrectly specified. See the following message example:
```

+
----
2024-03-05T12:17:14.500-0500	info	compliance-events-api	complianceeventsapi/complianceeventsapi_controller.go:261	The database connection failed: pq: password authentication failed for user "rhacm-policy-compliance-history"
----
+

> .. Update the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource with the following command:

Reviewer: Could we clarify that you only need to update if you did see the previous error message?
```suggestion
.. Update the `governance-policy-database` `Secret` resource with the correct PostgreSQL connection settings with the following command:
```

+
- Replace the `value` parameter value with your compliance history external URL.

[#enable-all-managed-clusters]
=== Enable on all managed clusters

> 

Reviewer 3: same here

Complete the following steps:

. To enable the compliance history API on all managed clusters, configure the `governance-policy-framework` `ClusterManagementAddOn` object to use the `AddOnDeploymentConfig` with the following command:

> +

Reviewer 3: Looks like there may need to be a space here before line 157?

+
- Replace the `value` parameter value with your compliance history external URL.

[#enable-all-managed-clusters]
=== Enable on all managed clusters

> Complete the following steps:

Author: ```suggestion
Enable the compliance history API on all managed clusters to receive compliance events from your managed clusters. Complete the following steps:
```

> Enable the compliance history API on all managed clusters to receive compliance events from your managed clusters. Complete the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the compliance history API on all managed clusters to record compliance events from your managed clusters. Complete the following steps:
```

> . To enable the compliance history API on all managed clusters, configure the `governance-policy-framework` `ClusterManagementAddOn` object to use the `AddOnDeploymentConfig` with the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
.  Configure the `governance-policy-framework` `ClusterManagementAddOn` object to use the `AddOnDeploymentConfig` with the following command:
```

      namespace: open-cluster-management
----

> [#enable-single-managed-cluster]

Reviewer: Separating out the options is much better. Thanks!

      namespace: open-cluster-management
----

[#enable-single-managed-cluster]
=== Enable a single managed cluster

Complete the following steps:

> 

Reviewer 3: space issue

Author: I'm not sure what spacing issue you are referring to. This is what I see when I preview the file:
<img width="1115" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-05 at 5 56 10 PM" src="https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/assets/60616885/1f37d9ee-bbc2-47cd-a2a6-527dab49fc54">

      namespace: open-cluster-management
----

[#enable-single-managed-cluster]
=== Enable a single managed cluster

> Complete the following steps:

Author: ```suggestion
Enable the compliance history API on a single managed cluster to receive compliance events from the managed cluster. Complete the following steps:
```

> . To enable the policy compliance history API on a single managed cluster, configure the `governance-policy-framework` `ManagedClusterAddOn` resource in the managed cluster namespace. Run the following command from your {product-title-short} hub cluster with the following command: 

Author: ```suggestion
. Configure the `governance-policy-framework` `ManagedClusterAddOn` resource in the managed cluster namespace. Run the following command from your {product-title-short} hub cluster with the following command: 
```

      namespace: open-cluster-management
----

[#enable-single-managed-cluster]
=== Enable a single managed cluster

> Enable the compliance history API on a single managed cluster to receive compliance events from the managed cluster. Complete the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the compliance history API on a single managed cluster to record compliance events from the managed cluster. Complete the following steps:
```

----
["--enable-lease=true","--hub-cluster-configfile=/var/run/klusterlet/kubeconfig","--leader-elect=false","--log-encoder=console","--log-level=0","--v=-1","--evaluation-concurrency=2","--client-max-qps=30","--client-burst=45","--disable-spec-sync=true","--cluster-namespace=local-cluster","--compliance-api-url=https://governance-history-api-open-cluster-management.apps.openshift.redhat.com"]
----
+
Any new policy compliance events are recorded in the policy compliance history API.
+
.. If policy compliance events are not being recorded for a specific managed cluster, view the `governance-policy-framework` logs on the affected managed cluster:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management-agent-addon logs deployment/governance-policy-framework -f
----
+
.. Log messages similar to the following message are displayed. If the `message` value is empty, the policy compliance history API URL is incorrect or there is a network communication issue:
+
----
024-03-05T19:28:38.063Z        info    policy-status-sync      statussync/policy_status_sync.go:750    Failed to record the compliance event with the compliance API. Will requeue.       {"statusCode": 503, "message": ""}
----

> //How can users fix this connection error? 

Reviewer: If the policy compliance history API URL is incorrect, you may edit the URL on the hub cluster with this command:
```yaml
oc -n open-cluster-management edit AddOnDeploymentConfig governance-policy-framework
```

Author: What about the network communication? or are we saying that the incorrect URL indicates that there is a network communication issue?

Reviewer: @dockerymick the network communication is out of the scope of ACM so that would be up to the user to diagnose based on their network infrastructure.

> //How can users fix this connection error? 

Author: ```suggestion
+
.. If the policy compliance history API URL is incorrect, edit the URL on the hub cluster with the following command:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management edit AddOnDeploymentConfig governance-policy-framework
----
*Note:* If you experience a network communication issue, you must diagnose the problem based on your network infrastructure.
```

Author: @mprahl thanks for agreeing with my suggestion. Heads up, that i did make edits to the suggestion. I added a note to let the user know they are responsible for resolving the  connection issue. Let me know your thoughts

Reviewer: @dockerymick sounds great.

----
["--enable-lease=true","--hub-cluster-configfile=/var/run/klusterlet/kubeconfig","--leader-elect=false","--log-encoder=console","--log-level=0","--v=-1","--evaluation-concurrency=2","--client-max-qps=30","--client-burst=45","--disable-spec-sync=true","--cluster-namespace=local-cluster","--compliance-api-url=https://governance-history-api-open-cluster-management.apps.openshift.redhat.com"]
----
+
Any new policy compliance events are recorded in the policy compliance history API.
+
.. If policy compliance events are not being recorded for a specific managed cluster, view the `governance-policy-framework` logs on the affected managed cluster:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management-agent-addon logs deployment/governance-policy-framework -f
----
+
.. Log messages similar to the following message are displayed. If the `message` value is empty, the policy compliance history API URL is incorrect or there is a network communication issue:

> +

Reviewer 3: space issue

----
024-03-05T19:28:38.063Z        info    policy-status-sync      statussync/policy_status_sync.go:750    Failed to record the compliance event with the compliance API. Will requeue.       {"statusCode": 503, "message": ""}
----
+
.. If the policy compliance history API URL is incorrect, edit the URL on the hub cluster with the following command:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n open-cluster-management edit AddOnDeploymentConfig governance-policy-framework
----

> *Note:* If you experience a network communication issue, you must diagnose the problem based on your network infrastructure.

Author: ```suggestion
+
*Note:* If you experience a network communication issue, you must diagnose the problem based on your network infrastructure.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Throughout this PR, there are spacing issues that you can see by what is grayed out and what is not....this needs to be addressed in peer reviews. Remember a simple space corrects this.
